you
hello everybody today we're going to
take a look at this vinyl liner they
talk about how great and wonderful this
let me show you what mine looks like I
don't hardly haul anything in this truck
at all but as you can see the liner
looks awful to advertise a lifetime
warranty
well that's worthless vinyl liner
applicator into this is something his
handiwork let's take a look look at the
extreme fading discoloration peeling oh
we got some more peeling over here in
the corner you know I've been on the
phone with I believe they're in
California spoken to in their warranty
Department now over the course of
probably three to four months trying to
get this resolved because mr. I'm the
guy who did the application on this
truck didn't do a good job of masking
off the truck and I don't know if it'll
pick up in this camera or not but you
can see I have a little bit line all the
way across my hood about six inches
where it's faded and if you look at the
roof of the truck its faded as well
overspray from the application was all
over the roof and the glass and the
front of my hood and I was able to get
it off the glass but I can't seem to get
it off the hood and at the dealership
and
has made four or five appointments to
come see me
however he fails to show up empty
promises time after time you can see the
scratches here where he trimmed it just
a really really poor job of that
applying this liner liner I don't
recommend getting a Rhino Linings to
anyone they don't stand behind their
product they don't stand behind their
their dealers if you have a problem they
blame it on the dealer and when the
dealer fails to do anything for you
Rhino lining just tells you oh well
there's nothing we can do
I felt think this consumer should be
suffering by any means I paid I think it
was five hundred and twenty five dollars
you can also see several places where
it's peeling up along the underneath
side of the bed all the way around all
the way around piss-poor taping job and
I don't think it's going to show up in
general if you look on the all the way
around the trim there's red red spots
all over from where he really did a poor
masking job I was able to get most of it
off of the glass here but that's really
terrible and stuff get up here look how
faded the roof is compared to the side
and it's you know most people so that's
the roof you know it's exposed but you
might be able to see the difference in
color in the hood there's a like the
windshield washers there's a change in
color where his tape line was run across
I told Rhino Linings that I was going to
post this video up on YouTube and their
response was they really didn't care so
anyhow think twice before you decide to
get a ride online and put in your truck
because like I said their customer
service is the worst I've ever
encountered the warranty department
might as well not even be there because
she doesn't do anything to help you they
will however tell you they will call you
back by the end of the business day I've
heard that I don't know how many times
and guess what I'm still waiting for
that call back at the end of the
stay with that being said ladies and
gentlemen I'm going to leave you with
one last look at this nice and crappy
looking liner liner that has Lily really
my opinion rooms the value of my truck
it looks horrible there won't be any
more trophies won with this vehicle and
I promise you
so is this runner winner this is the
quality of the work the material this
what I paid all this money for you've
got to be kidding me wow what great
stuff can't wait to do an final line on
the rest of my projects and all my
customers vehicles this is a joke
unacceptable abso-freakin'-lutely
ridiculous so glad I wasted so much time
and money alright so you can see there's
two layers because the dealer didn't
bother this clean anything other
mistakes he did before and when I pull
this I've already cut it up top of the
firewall so that maybe I can salvage
something of my money since Ryan aligner
couldn't give two about helping me
yeah these are the holes my master
cylinder access that he was supposed to
mask off that I have what nuts water to
the back of it so a little hard for me
to put a bolt in it was full of rubber
huh yeah great job buddy
you
what's going on with a truck here spray
in bedliner like work mate
dirty cow
you